# DMCGuard
## About Smart Home Multi-Channel Control Management System

The Internet of Things (IoT) technology is considered one of the important technological revolutions after computers and the internet. It has provided significant convenience in various fields such as industrial production and work-life. At the same time, major internet companies have developed their own smart home ecosystems, offering consumers worldwide a comprehensive range of smart devices, cloud platforms, and accompanying mobile applications.

However, the rapidly growing smart home industry faces numerous security issues, often involving serious vulnerabilities such as user privacy breaches and unauthorized control of home devices. This paper addresses the security issues surrounding Codema, a chaotic device management system, which has emerged as a significant concern in IoT security in the past two years. We design and implement a complete security control system for multi-channel IoT devices.

To meet the new market demands, many smart home systems offer new features such as multi-user management, multiple control channel connections, fine-grained device control, and device sharing. Users can control devices through different channels such as Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, and Zigbee. However, according to the latest research in international security, manufacturers often lack a well-designed and secure access control permission negotiation mechanism between multiple heterogeneous control channels. This has resulted in vulnerabilities in Codema, leading to unauthorized cross-channel access control or privacy breaches by attackers.

To address these security threats, this paper introduces the security control system called DMCGuard, which consists of the IoT device firmware system, cloud server system, and mobile application. Based on the usage control model UCON and considering the practical scenarios of smart home systems, we design a fine-grained control model for IoT devices in multi-control channel environments to ensure devices are under user control and real-time supervision. DMCGuard supports MQTT protocol, Zigbee gateway, and smart speakers, three common IoT device control channels. It also includes a user-friendly cloud server and mobile app, offering users multiple interaction methods such as smartphone control and voice input. With a focus on protecting secure access control and providing a good user experience, we have also reserved corresponding API interfaces for other third-party control channels, enhancing compatibility with a wider range of control channels.

After security assessment and performance testing, the DMCGuard system proves effective in resisting known Codema security vulnerability attacks. Compared to other multi-control channel security solutions, the access control capability of this system is upgraded from a simple one-dimensional channel switch to a three-dimensional multi-user, multi-channel fine-grained device attribute control. Unlike other solutions that rely on complex command-line interactions, DMCGuard implements a practical and user-friendly interaction system, thereby improving its marketability.
